Glenn E. Itliong MBA, PMP(650) 207-0395 / glenn.itliong@gmail.comhttp://www.linkedin.com/pub/glenn-itliong-mba-pmp/0/641/695PROFESSIONAL PROFILEA highly motivated and results-driven Data Science Graduate with experience in delivering complex mathematical solutions to real world challenges. Demonstrates excellent knowledge of machine learning, probability theory and statistics as well as programming, integrating strong business and technical acumen with a passion to drive innovation through data and analytics. Communicates with technical and non-technical audiences with ease, develops data-driven insights and applies an analytical approach to solve complex problems. Performs equally well independently and in team settings, collaborates effectively in cross-functional team settings and cultivates trusted relationships with key stakeholders.OBJECTIVECurrently seeking a challenging new position as a Data Scientist that will fully utilize the accumulated knowledge and experience and provide opportunities for further personal and professional development.EDUCATIONSAINT MARY’S COLLEGE OF CALIFORNIA - MORAGA, CAExecutive Global MBASAINT JOSEPH’S UNIVERSITY - PHILADELPHIA, PABachelor of Arts in International Relations, Minor in PhilosophyPROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENTGENERAL ASSEMBLY - Atlanta, GA	2018Data Science Immersive Program, 600 HoursCourse Content•	Machine Learning, Python•	Python Libraries: Matplotlib, Scikit-Learn, Numpy, Pandas•	Lab Projects?	Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA)?	Data Analysis and Visualization?	Measuring Model Performance?	Tree Based Classification Models?	Supervised and Unsupervised Learning?	Natural Language Processing?	Regression and Classification Models?	Bayesian Regression?	Neural Networks?	Recommender Systems?	Web Scraping?	Machine LearningCapstone Project: “Maximizing Resume Match Percentage Against ATS Job Descriptions”CERTIFICATIONProject Management Professional (PMP), Project Management InstituteCORE COMPETENCIES•	Strategic Leadership•	Implementation and Deployment•	Risk Evaluation •	Requirements Gathering•	Quantitative Analytics•	Data Modeling•	Tableau – Data Visualization•	Cross-Functional Collaboration•	Strategy Development•	Stakeholder Engagement•	Global Project Management•	Business Analysis•	Management Consulting •	Data Analysis & Visualization•	Global Talent AcquisitionProgramming: Python, SQL, RCAREER SUMMARYALLEGIS GLOBAL SOLUTIONS – Raleigh, NC	2014 - 2018Allegis Global Solutions delivers integrated client-focused talent acquisition solutions, designs innovative tools, products and processes and develops competitive practices that position organizations for growth.Senior Manager, Implementation•	Oversaw all aspects of implementation, which included change management, business analytics, market analytics, data governance, supply base management and system testing and managed client relationships.Key Achievements•	SIGMA Business: Directed seven implementations of Fieldglass VMS from kick-off to go-live over 12 months.•	Oversaw the deployment of MSP technology and processes for a global heavy industry manufacturing client in India, which included technical integration with client accounting systems.•	Managed the implementation of RPO technology and processes for a European supermarket client.•	Reviewed project performance data consistently to ensure that milestones and deliverables were achieved.HITACHI CONSULTING – Raleigh, NC	2013 - 2014Hitachi Consulting, the digital solutions consulting business of Hitachi Ltd., a global technology and social innovation leader, helps customers to maximize operational efficiency to deliver sustainable business results.Solution Architect•	Oversaw the implementation of Taleo Transitions on behalf of Hitachi Consulting India.•	Led requirements gathering sessions with stakeholders in order to collate onboarding requirements.Key Achievements•	Conducted a comprehensive evaluation of current state analytical reports and made recommendations for future designs.•	Designed onboarding and recruitment workflows and developed solutions for internal and external clients.VISIONIT STAFFING AND CONSULTING – Detroit, MI	2012 - 2013VisionIT is a global software development company, a preferred systems integrator within large enterprise customers and a conduit for new technology through its Innovation Studio. Vice President, Talent Management•	Lead a recruitment team that supported multiple clients using MSP and VMS systems.Key Achievements•	Identified process inefficiencies by analyzing data provided by the Analytics Team and used insights gained from the data to prepare proposals providing strategic direction for presentation to Ownership.•	Developed metrics and reports for global recruiting operations.FUTURESTEP, A Division of Korn Ferry (NYSE: KFY)  - San Francisco, CA	2003 - 2012Futurestep assists organizations to achieve talent readiness through data-backed insight and IP, strategic collaboration, and innovative technology.Solution Architect•	Provided strategic focus and attention on a number of large key enterprise accounts, built strong customer relationships and gained confidence and trust while directing the delivery of Taleo, a global ATS platform.•	Directed global implementation from planning to deployment through to on-going support.•	Oversaw the identification of stakeholders for the implementation and managed the development of a communication plan.•	Led business requirements meetings in order to develop an understanding of client recruiting processes.Key Achievements•	Optimized workflow by overhauling and re-engineering client recruiting processes.•	Used stakeholder requirements and played a key role in the configuration of Taleo Recruiting module.•	Created test scripts and scenarios and led User Acceptance Testing (UAT).•	Defined reports based on client requirements and collaborated with the Reports Writer to create reports.•	Developed and delivered Taleo training materials for the global recruiting teams.•	Key Clients: Cummins Diesel Engines, Fosters Wine Estates and Wal-Mart.Glenn E. Itliong Page 1